SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
A lot of things in Jaune’s life were confusing. 
His name for one. Jaune. The scientists didn’t call him that, they called him Subject 008. Miss Salem and the Superiors didn’t call him that, they called him Raphael. Even most of the other avians called him that. 
Dr. Polendina called him Jaune. Penny called him Jaune. Jaune called him Jaune. 
And…
Nobody else did. He thought someone did. Nobody else did. All was well. 
That was another confusing thing. Jaune’s memory was like the cheese he saw on some of the technicians' sandwiches. Full of holes. He couldn’t for the life of him think about what could fill the holes in his mind, but sometimes, when he was alone in his dark room, he could feel them there. On the corners of his mind. 
But only when he wasn’t thinking about it. 
Sometimes he wondered what life was like outside of The Facility’s walls. It was dangerous out there, Miss Salem said. They were preparing for war out there, and Jaune and the others had to be ready to fight. To follow orders, die if necessary. 
Jaune was ready to die if necessary. If Miss Salem said it was necessary. 
He sat in a daze on a cot in a blinding white room. Jaune blinked slowly, staring at the wall across from him. His head felt like it was full of cotton, like his brain hadn’t quite reconnected yet. 
Jaune often felt like this. He’d blink his eyes open in a room just like this, not quite able to remember how he got there. He often woke up in places without being able to remember how he got there. 
Once a month usually. So that’s why this was confusing, because this is the second time in a month. Probably because of…
He couldn’t remember. The memory was there, but when he tried to grasp it, the thought dissipated like smoke. 
It probably wasn’t important.
SPEAKER: Dr. Polendina
“Hello, Jaune,” a warm voice said, and the door creaked open. Jaune blinked slowly and looked up. He’d be punished later for his slow reactions. 
Dr. Polendina smiled at him from the doorway, wheeling his chair in. Jaune just stared blankly at him, fighting blearily at the fog in his mind. At his lack of reaction, the doctor’s smile faltered. But he fixed it back in place quickly. 
Jaune was too out-of-it to notice that the man’s smile was much more forced than normal. 
“How are you feeling?” the man asked kindly, pulling out his pad to scan Jaune for injuries. 
SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
“Nothing to report,” Jaune said automatically, coming a bit more awake at the familiarity of protocols that had been beaten into him for longer than his faulty memory could recall. 
Dr. Polendina’s brow furrowed, and Jaune winced. Evidently that hadn’t been the answer the doctor was wanting to hear. 
The rest of the check-up went smoothly, with Dr. Polendina tutting more loudly than usual as he wrapped Jaune’s injuries. The doctor kept up a running commentary of soothing dialogue, nothing too taxing, nothing that would require a response. Slowly, the blonde came back to himself. 
Dr. Polendina wrapped a bandage around Jaune’s palm, careful to keep the cloth from irritating the eye on the back of the teen’s hand. And then the doctor paused, grasping Jaune’s scarred hand in his warmer one. 
SPEAKER: Dr. Polendina
“My boy…” The man’s voice shook, and Jaune blinked in surprise when he realized that there were tears dripping from those warm brown eyes. “I am so sorry for your loss. News of the… accident traveled fast, as did your reaction to her death. You and she were very close, and I regret more than anything not stepping in sooner. If I had maybe Pyrrha-“
SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
Jaune blinked. “Who?”
SPEAKER: Dr. Polendina
Dr. Polendina stuttered to a halt.  “What… what did you just say?”
SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
Jaune cocked his head to one side and then the other. “Who is that?”
Pietro’s eyes widened a fraction, and through his hands Jaune could feel a portion of the man’s rising panic. It was… familiar. 
SPEAKER: Dr. Polendina
“Pyrrha.” Jaune gazed blankly at him. “Pyrrha Nikos,” the doctor tried again, but again got not a flicker of recognition. “You know her, Jaune. You two were incredibly close, you know her!” Jaune was beginning to feel worried, was Dr. Polendina okay?
SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
“I’m sorry sir, but I don’t know who that is,” Jaune said slowly, apologetically. Was this a test? A test that he was failing? Definitely failing, because Dr. Polendina looked more horrified with every word Jaune said. 
SPEAKER: Dr. Polendina
“You… you really can’t remember, can you, dear boy?” The doctor’s voice was faint, the warmth given way to shock. 
SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
“I’m sorry,” Jaune repeated. “My memory… ya know…” He definitely failed this test. “I’m sorry.”
SPEAKER: Dr. Polendina
“No… no.” Dr. Polendina’s grip tightened on Jaune’s hands. “You have nothing to be sorry for.” The certainty in his voice surprised Jaune, as did the resolve he could feel pulsing out of the man in waves. “This, none of this, is your fault.”
The doctor released Jaune’s hand and returned his medi-pad to his lap. As he rolled to the door, Dr. Polendina paused and glanced over his shoulder. Jaune still sat on the cot, watching the man go, the wings on the sides of his head twitching in confusion and agitation at the man’s sudden emotional shift and departure. 
“I’m sure this must all be very confusing for you,” the doctor said eventually. Jaune nearly sobbed out loud. Yes it was confusing. But how was this any different than normal?
“Don’t worry, Jaune,” Dr. Polendina reassured him, throwing caution to the winds. “I’ll see you soon, very soon, and I’ll get you out of here. And then… then maybe everything will start to make sense.”
Jaune doubted that, but he nodded. Apparently this was the correct response, because the doctor smiled, returned the nod, and left.
SPEAKER: Jaune Arc
Jaune sighed and curled up on the cot, waiting for someone to collect him. His wings wrapped around his body, trying to retain whatever warmth they could from the processed air. 
Someone would be by to collect him soon, and transport him back to his room with its familiar darkness and hard blue cot. 
But for now Jaune was alone. 
In a blindingly white room. 
With a memory like cheese holes. 
And the promise that everything in his life would make sense soon. 
Jaune stared at the scars on his hands. Scars that he couldn’t remember getting, and scars he could. An eye with a blue pupil blinked up at him from the back of his hand. Two sets of huge buttery wings shuddered on his back, and a third pair trembled on the sides of his head. 
Subject 008. Raphael. Project Dovetail. Jaune. 
He had no name. He was no one. He was nothing. 
Everything about his life was confusing. The Facility was the only part of it that made sense. The Facility was structure, and safety, and orders. He didn’t need to think for himself. 
Following orders wasn’t confusing, it made sense. 
So he was most confused when the tiniest part of him longed for the doctor’s nonsensical promise to be true.